---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ironic_deployment Resource - ironic"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Ironic deployment resource. This drives the node through the provisioning state machine to deploy an operating system.
---

# ironic_deployment (Resource)

Manages an Ironic deployment resource. This drives the node through the provisioning state machine to deploy an operating system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ironic_deployment" "masters" {
  count     = 3
  node_uuid = element(ironic_allocation_v1.openshift-master-allocation.*.node_uuid, count.index)

  instance_info = {
    image_source   = "http://172.22.0.1/images/redhat-coreos-maipo-latest.qcow2"
    image_checksum = "26c53f3beca4e0b02e09d335257826fd"
    capabilities   = "boot_option:local,secure_boot:true"
  }

  user_data    = var.user_data
  network_data = var.network_data
  metadata     = var.metadata
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_info` (Dynamic) Instance information for the deployment.
- `node_uuid` (String) The UUID of the node to deploy.

### Optional

- `deploy_steps` (Attributes List) JSON string of deploy steps for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy_steps))
- `fixed_ips` (Attributes List) Fixed IP addresses for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fixed_ips))
- `metadata` (Dynamic) Metadata for the deployment.
- `name` (String) The name of the deployment.
- `network_data` (Dynamic) Network data for the deployment.
- `user_data` (Dynamic) User data for the deployment.
- `user_data_url` (String) URL to fetch user data from.
- `user_data_url_ca_cert` (String) CA certificate for user data URL verification.
- `user_data_url_headers` (Dynamic) Headers to send when fetching user data URL.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the deployment (same as node_uuid).
- `last_error` (String) The last error message from the node.
- `provision_state` (String) The current provision state of the node.

<a id="nestedatt--deploy_steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy_steps`

Required:

- `interface` (String) The interface to use for the deploy step.
- `step` (String) The name of the deploy step.

Optional:

- `args` (Map of String) Arguments for the deploy step.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the deploy step.


<a id="nestedatt--fixed_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fixed_ips`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The fixed IP address.
