---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ironic_node Resource - ironic"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Node v1 resource represents a single node in Ironic.
---

# ironic_node (Resource)

Node v1 resource represents a single node in Ironic.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ironic_node" "openshift-master-0" {
  name = "openshift-master-0"

  inspect   = true # Perform inspection
  clean     = true # Clean the node
  available = true # Make the node 'available'

  ports = [
    {
      "address"     = "00:bb:4a:d0:5e:38"
      "pxe_enabled" = "true"
    },
  ]

  properties = {
    "local_gb" = "50"
    "cpu_arch" = "x86_64"
  }

  driver = "ipmi"
  driver_info = {
    "ipmi_port"      = "6230"
    "ipmi_username"  = "admin"
    "ipmi_password"  = "password"
    "ipmi_address"   = "192.168.111.1"
    "deploy_kernel"  = "http://172.22.0.1/images/ironic-python-agent.kernel"
    "deploy_ramdisk" = "http://172.22.0.1/images/ironic-python-agent.initramfs"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `driver` (String) The driver associated with the node.

### Optional

- `automated_clean` (Boolean) Indicates whether the node should be cleaned automatically.
- `available` (Boolean) Make node available. When set to true, the node will be moved to the available state.
- `bios_interface` (String) The BIOS interface for the node.
- `boot_interface` (String) The boot interface for the node.
- `chassis_uuid` (String) The UUID of the chassis associated with the node.
- `clean` (Boolean) Trigger node cleaning. When set to true, the node will be moved to the cleaning state.
- `conductor_group` (String) The conductor group for the node.
- `console_interface` (String) The console interface for the node.
- `deploy_interface` (String) The deploy interface for the node.
- `driver_info` (Dynamic, Sensitive) The driver info of the node.
- `extra` (Dynamic) Extra metadata for the node.
- `firmware_interface` (String) The firmware interface for the node.
- `inspect` (Boolean) Trigger node inspection. When set to true, the node will be moved to the inspection state.
- `inspect_interface` (String) The inspect interface for the node.
- `instance_info` (Dynamic, Sensitive) The instance info of the node.
- `instance_uuid` (String) The UUID of the instance associated with the node.
- `lessee` (String) The lessee of the node.
- `manage` (Boolean) Manage node. When set to true, the node will be moved to the manageable state.
- `management_interface` (String) The management interface for the node.
- `name` (String) The name of the node.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the node.
- `network_interface` (String) The network interface for the node.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the node.
- `ports` (Block List) Ports associated with the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ports))
- `power_interface` (String) The power interface for the node.
- `properties` (Dynamic) The properties of the node.
- `protected` (Boolean) Indicates whether the node is protected.
- `raid_interface` (String) The RAID interface for the node.
- `rescue_interface` (String) The rescue interface for the node.
- `resource_class` (String) The resource class of the node.
- `storage_interface` (String) The storage interface for the node.
- `vendor_interface` (String) The vendor interface for the node.

### Read-Only

- `allocation_uuid` (String) The UUID of the allocation associated with the node.
- `clean_step` (Dynamic) The current clean step for the node.
- `conductor` (String) The conductor managing the node.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the node was created.
- `deploy_step` (Dynamic) The current deploy step for the node.
- `fault` (String) The fault status of the node.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the node, combining name and namespace.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the node.
- `inspection_finished_at` (String) The timestamp when the node inspection finished.
- `inspection_started_at` (String) The timestamp when the node inspection started.
- `last_error` (String) The last error message for the node.
- `maintenance` (Boolean) Indicates whether the node is in maintenance mode.
- `maintenance_reason` (String) The reason for putting the node in maintenance mode.
- `power_state` (String) The current power state of the node.
- `provision_state` (String) The current provision state of the node.
- `provision_updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the node provision was last updated.
- `target_power_state` (String) The target power state of the node.
- `target_provision_state` (String) The target provision state of the node.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the node was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Required:

- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the port.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the port.
